what are the triggers it I'll be here
and today i'm here with cookies home
today we're going to you can dr. your
crayons you're going to meet dr. mole i
will link down the description where I
got them so crayons I'm just using
Crayola now you take your charts and a
lack mold experiment aight i just take
your crayons and then you take the rapid
then you're going to take the wrapping
off with your favorite ones after i feel
some of these will be right back when
you haven't pretty full like this you're
going to pop and mac away now i stick
our terraces and take de likes in the
microwave xterra my day for about 30
seconds at a time now check it up give
them a good shake enough there is like a
fool give them a good show yo hmm i make
a range about 10 minutes long now we're
just going to stir to make a cool design
you don't want us there too much or
little turned on right now we're going
to pour it into videos now we pour it
and we just kind of i'm going to put
multiple colors dirty now we're going to
stir our glittering be careful don't
touch and don't touch this it is blazing
hot then we'll put it in the freezer for
about turning me now you're just gonna
pop him out of them all up and have fun
we're at our favorite doctor your fan
thank you so much for watching and
c is for cake and cake is for me see a
free cookie cookies for me hahaha